Mention users who have disabled mentioning in privacy settings
Description/Impact
There is a feature to mention another user in Instagram. We can disable the feature in the privacy setting. When the user disabled the setting, no one can mention the user. This is a report about the bug where users can mention disabled users through meta business suite’s inbox Instagram comment. This is present on web and android.

The exploitation of this lead to the mention of one user by another user without his/her consent or despite the setting.

Repro set-ups
Instagram UserA
Instagram UserB
Facebook UserA

Instagram UserA and Facebook UserA are connected

Instagram UserB has set who can mention to No-one

BUG-1

1. As we know Instagram UserA and Facebook UserA are connected, so Facebook UserA opened Business Suite.
2. Go to inbox in Business Suite.
3. Instagram UserB commented on one of the post of Instagram UserA.
4. Instagram UserA replied to Instagram UserB from an Instagram comment from inbox in Business Suite. Instagram UserA replied @InstgramUserB thank you.
5. Instagram UserB got mentioned in the comment section in the Instagram app despite the setting is no-one.

BUG-2
I found a another bug, its same as mentioning user who disabled mentioning.

Impact and setup is same for this bug too.
This bug is present in business suite desktop and android.

Reproduction step
1. Facebook UserA go to his Business Suite and post a instagram post from there.
2. Facebook UserA mention Instagram UserB in the caption @InstagramUserB in the post. When Instagram app is opened, Instagram UserB is mentioned in the caption of the instagram post.

BUG-3
I found a another bug, its same as mentioning user who disabled mentioning.

Impact and setup are same for this bug too.

Reproduction step
1. Facebook UserA go to his Creator Studio and go to inbox+.
2. Go to instagram(logo) and mention @InstagramUserB as reply. Instagram UserB is mentioned in comment section despite the setting.
This bug is present in creator studio desktop.

siddharthamallathakuri mentioning setting https://youtube.com/shorts/DA3SXOX_Sxk
BUG-1 POC https://youtu.be/cQsPHtz0zVk
BUG-2 POC https://youtu.be/uSSWsgCK1bU
BUG-3 POC https://youtu.be/zqVLbUMx3WI
